Update nix-language.md (#506)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/tutorials/nix-language.md

Most built-in functions are only accessible through `builtins`.
A notable exception is `import`, which is also available at the top level.

> `import` takes a path to a Nix file, reads it to evaluate the contained Nix expression, and returns the resulting value. If the path is a directory, the file `default.nix` in that directory is read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`import` takes a path to a Nix file, reads it to evaluate the contained Nix expression, and returns the resulting value.
If the path points to a directory, the file `default.nix` in that directory is used instead.
```
